docs: add an external auth guide (#2970)
projectcontour/contour: site/_guides/external-authorization.md

     |                           |                             |                          |              |
```

A HTTP Client generates a HTTP request and sends it to the Proxy.
The Proxy is an Envoy instance that Contour has programmed with an external
authorization configuration.
The Proxy holds the HTTP request and sends an authorization check request
to the ExtAuth server that Contour has bound to the virtual host.
The ExtAuth server may be able to verify the request locally, but in
many cases it will need to make additional requests to the AuthProvider
server to verify or obtain an authorization token.

In this flow, the ExtAuth server is able to authorize the request, and sends an
authorization response back to the Proxy.
The response includes the authorization status and a set of HTTP headers
modifications to make to the HTTP request.
Since this authorization was successful, the Proxy modifies the request and
forwards it to the application.
If the authorization was not successful, the Proxy would have immediately
responded to the client with a HTTP error.

## Using the Contour Authorization Server

> The Contour project supports a simple authorization server named

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Contour project has built a simple authorization server named
```
Maybe? "supports" sounds like that's _all_ we support.

[`contour-authserver`][1]. `contour-authserver` supports an authorization
testing server and a HTTP basic authorization server that accesses
credentials in stored in [htpasswd][2] format.

To get started, ensure that Contour is deployed and that you have
[cert-manager][6] installed in your cluster so that you can easily issue
self-signed TLS certificates.

At this point, we should also create a cluster-wide self-signed certificate
issuer, just to make it easier to provision TLS certificates later:

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: cert-manager.io/v1alpha3
kind: ClusterIssuer
metadata:
  name: selfsigned
spec:
  selfSigned: {}
EOF
clusterissuer.cert-manager.io/selfsigned created
```

### Deploying the Authorization Server

The first step is to deploy `contour-authserver` to the `projectcontour-auth`
namespace.

> To to this, we will use `kustomize` to build a set of YAML object that we can

Reviewer: Maybe link to where to get it? Let's make this as easy as possible.

```

Now, when we make the same HTTP request, we find the response requests
authorization:

```bash
$ curl -k -I https://local.projectcontour.io/test/$((RANDOM))
HTTP/2 401
www-authenticate: Basic realm="default", charset="UTF-8"
date: Fri, 02 Oct 2020 00:27:49 GMT
server: envoy
```

Providing a user credential from the password file that we created
earlier allows the request to succeed. Note that `contour-authserver`
has injected a number of headers (prefixed with `Auth-`) to let the
application know how the request has been authorized.

```bash
$ curl -k --user user1:password1 https://local.projectcontour.io/test/$((RANDOM))
{"TestId":"","Path":"/test/27132","Host":"local.projectcontour.io","Method":"GET","Proto":"HTTP/1.1","Headers":{"Accept":["*/*"],"Auth-Handler":["htpasswd"],"Auth-Realm":["default"],"Auth-Username":["user1"],"Authorization":["Basic dXNlcjE6cGFzc3dvcmQx"],"Content-Length":["0"],"User-Agent":["curl/7.64.1"],"X-Envoy-Expected-Rq-Timeout-Ms":["15000"],"X-Envoy-Internal":["true"],"X-Forwarded-For":["172.18.0.1"],"X-Forwarded-Proto":["https"],"X-Request-Id":["2c0ae102-4cf6-400e-a38f-5f0b844364cc"],"X-Request-Start":["t=1601601826.102"]}}
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe a short blurb in here about how you can use anything that supports Envoy's external auth?

After you've added the Conditions support, I'd recommend some troubleshooting help as well, with some common errors and places to start.

Author: > Maybe a short blurb in here about how you can use anything that supports Envoy's external auth?

The second paragraph discusses that.
